 When I first registered for digital history, I thought I would be learning how to use technology to sort, present and analyze data in a historical context. Though I'm sure digital history does encompass that purpose I did not consider the qualitative contributions digital history can enable. I did not consider the value that digital history has as a tool for Historical revisionism. In the essay 'Returning Women to the History of Digital History' it states 'We must work purposefully to recognize the contributions of the underrepresented—those whose work is masked by inequity'. Although they are referring to the field of digital history and the women that contributed to its formation, this idea applies universally to all histories. Digital history can help us bring socially oppressed groups into our historical narratives and achieve a more realistic view of our history. In that same vein, I did not even consider digital histories power to codify oral histories. This is such a valuable thing for both challenging the present narratives that are based on other non-oral mediums, as well as preserving these oral histories and making them accessible. Amalia S. Levi had some really interesting points about the gaps in digital archives and what they mean. These gaps exist because digitization is selective. Sometimes archivists decide something is not relevant or important, or it is too fragile to be digitized, or the item simply isn't searchable as it was not described at the item-level. Its worth keeping these things in mind for when I use digital archives in the future so I have a better understanding of the limits of digital archives. 
